General Notes:
    Will basically make a study tracker that is pretty similar to TomaToDo

    Basically, people will be able to add "Activities" that they can kinda keep track of 
    the time they spend on throughout the time they're on the app.

    Whenever an activity is selected, there will be options for how long they do the activity 
    for: either 15, 30, 60, 90, 120, or custom. They will also be able to take a 1, 3, 5, or custom
    break of their own choosing as well

    The amount of time they spend on each activity will be saved to a database. Total times and 
    averages will be displayed for each month. To encourage productivity, after each week, 
    the app will track the average productivity compared to the previous week and either encourage
    users to be more productive or congratulate them for increase producitivity.

    While the user is studying, there will be a timer showing their progress. Also, there will be
    a lot of motivational quotes sprinkled throughout the app.

    If I have time, there should also be a Goals component, where users will be able to set either
    daily or weekly goals for overall productivity or subject-specific productivity.


    9/9/25
    Okay, so today i basically made and worked on start.html. I want to be able to hopefully get the start route finished,
    which includes likes the timer and stuff. Or at least get close to it.

    9/12/2025
    So plan is to implement the pause/break system as well as to actually be able to record everything. Then, 
    I'll basically have to figure out how to make it in a graph, and the MVP is basically done.
    
    Some further things I could consider is like fade in/out and overall aesthetics, being able to rename or adjust
    the time for each activity, 

    Implementation of recording:
        Basically record however long has passed and throw that into a 'Records' table, inputting the start_time
        and the end_time with the date/month/year, as well as the timePassed and the habit. Oh, also make sure to
        add a user_id that goes along with it. 
        Each time one studies will correspond to a new row in the table, so nothing is unique except for maybe an id. 
        After that, try and learn some chart/graph stuff to be able to implement it into the /analytics route.